chore(README): update README according to latest changes. (#110)
mainsail-crew/MainsailOS: README.md

![Mainsail Logo](https://github.com/meteyou/mainsail/raw/master/docs/assets/img/logo.png?raw=true)

> A [Raspberry Pi OS](https://www.raspberrypi.org/software/) based distribution for 3d Printers. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Raspberry Pi OS](https://www.raspberrypi.org/software/) based distribution for 3D Printers. \
```

It includes everything to get started with Klipper Firmware and Mainsail.

> Learn More about... \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about: \
```

## Community

> For additional help, join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/skWTwTD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional help, join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/mainsail).
```

To prevent you have to deal with an entire build chain setup, \
simply fork this repository.

Enable the workflows in your fork and you are good to go. \

> On every push you make, it will build an Image and upload it as artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With each push you make, an image is build and uploaded as an artifact.
```
